1. Create a function "read_sales_reports" that takes the filename of the sales reports and the arrays to store the data as parameters.
    a. Open the file in read mode.
    b. Loop through the file to read the item code and cost for each sales item.
    c. Store the item code in the first column of the sales array and the cost in the corresponding month's column.
    d. Close the file.

2. Create a function "read_cost_data" that takes the filename of the cost data and the cost array as parameters.
    a. Open the file in read mode.
    b. Loop through the file to read the item code, sales cost, and purchase cost.
    c. Store the item code in the first column of the cost array and the sales cost and purchase cost in the second and third columns respectively.
    d. Close the file.

3. Create a function "get_totals" that takes the sales array, the number of items, and the number of months as parameters.
    a. Open a file "Total_sales.txt" in write mode.
    b. Loop through the sales array to sum up the sales for each item.
    c. Write the item code and total sales for each item to the file.
    d. Close the file.

4. Create a function "get_profits" that takes the sales array, the arrays made from the Costs.txt file, the number of items, and the number of months as parameters.
    a. Open a file "Profits.txt" in write mode.
    b. Loop through the sales array and cost array to calculate the revenue, cost, and profit for each item.
    c. Write the item code, sales, cost, revenue, and profit for each item to the file.
    d. Close the file.

5. Create a function "top_earners" that takes the month_data array, the arrays made from the Costs.txt file, the number of items, and the number of months as parameters.
    a. Create an array to store the revenue for each item.
    b. Loop through the sales array and cost array to calculate the revenue for each item.
    c. Sort the revenue array in descending order.
    d. Maybe use bubble sort or some other thing to sort from high to low
    e. Open a file "Top_earners.txt" in write mode.
    f. Create a tally up to 10
    g. Loop through the revenue array to write the item code and revenue for the top 10 items to the file.
    h. Close the file.

6. Create functions readCosts and readPurch which both read from the Costs.txt file and put individual data in their own repective arrays. 
    readCosts takes and reads the Cost column of the Costs.txt file into an array. readPurch takes and reads the Purchase column of the Costs.txt file into an array.

7. Modify previous functions to be working for a varying number of months. Namely changing the parameters to include the costs and purch arrays. 

8. Create a main function that calls the read_sales_reports and read_cost_data functions to read the data from the files and stores it in the arrays.
 Also Call the get_totals, get_profits, and top_earners functions to generate the sales reports.

9. Modify the main function to now take in command line argunments using the int argc and the char*argv[] things instead of just having void. 